[Music]
the opening right now now Clark now I
see a pubic has interesting it's gonna
be hard for you because I do not have
any love hearing like raw talent like
young people that are just amazing
singers already hi Jamie I'm pretty sure
you have no right now and I have 13 of
my sister's friends over and I really
need help uh okay so I don't know if
it's a problem to have thirteen girls in
your house I think the problem is they
are on Xbox I need to go downstairs and
talk to the females they're in your
house this is a good thing Spencer hey
go you know forbidden roleplay how about
because just like you can play the role
of the fire I'll play the role of the
fireman and I was be able to put you out
by spraying all my fluids all over you
if you get my drift
I get what you're saying and you kind of
sound like you're from the UK so this
may be okay with me
[Music]
I'm gonna get your booty tonight
shake those fucking heels off as a
worthy girl nothing is what I can
picture you in this a good fucking dress
off a sweater you won't forget me
[Music]
hey miss heart attack maybe we could be
coffee sometime happen I know he means
now and I just
[Music]
when you're alone and they're watching
you probably underneath your bed when
you play an xbox because well you know
I've never talked to a girl before so
I'm kind of scared but yeah morning so
alright well thank you for all that
information and I feel a little bit less
safe now thank you for waiting up there
I'm something we have no hope my lord oh
my lord shocked in the laughs you are
down and she's down